feat: migrate local install action to api2r/actions/install@v1 (#85)
api2r/pkgskills: NEWS.md

# pkgskills (development version)

> * `use_github_copilot()` now installs only `copilot-setup-steps.yml`; all workflows reference `api2r/actions/install@v1` instead of the local `install` action (#84).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `use_github_copilot()` now uses the external, stable `api2r/actions/install@v1` composite workflow instead of the local `install` action (#84).
```
